== The link bucket Source Code!
This is the code for link_bucket. Currently, link_bucket is under development - the site allows users to post their links
in one place - for other people to see, like, comment and share their interests!
For this I am currently using the Devise gem for users (authentication, sign ups, etc.), the acts_as_votable gem
for the post voting system and the Simple Form gem for the comment system.
During development I will be using the default WEBrick web server, just so I can get things up and running, without
initializing an apache server which I will be configuring later in development.

Also, feel free to make any design changes due to my somewhat 'primitive' UI I have right now (do not worry,
design will be changed at a later stage in development).:+1:

= Dependencies
* Ruby v2.0.0p645
* Rails v4.2.3
* Devise v3.5.1
* acts_as_votable v0.10.0
* simple_form v3.1.0
* MySQL - (and the MySQL2 gem)
* Bootstrap Sass
* For the full list of dependencies/gems look in the <tt>Gemfile</tt>

= Installing MySQL
If you already know or already have MySQL installed you don't need to reinstall it. Just skip this section. However, if you do not
have a MySQL database configured and installed, follow below:
* Installing the database:
  1. Go to http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/ and download the community edition
  2. Run the installer and make sure you set a password for the database. You will need this when you are configuring the Rails app.
  3. Once installed, open the MySQL command line client and enter your password.
  4. Type in the command line <tt>CREATE DATABASE your_db_name;</tt> (if you directly cloned this repo, the database name is link_bucket_development, but you can name it something else as long as you use that name in the <tt>database.yml</tt> file).

* Configuring the app to use the database:
  1. By default, Rails uses SQLite for its database so to change it you will need to open up the <tt>database.yml</tt> file (under the config directory).
  2. Enter the fields for your database name, username, host, and password.
  3. For host, you should put <tt>localhost</tt>. for password you will put the password of your MySQL database, and for the username <tt>root</tt>, and the database name should be what you named it in the MySQL command line client.
  4. Now you are ready to start the app!

= Testing/Starting the App:
I am currently using the default WEBrick server that comes pre-configured with RoR. And if you do not already know how to start a rails
application, follow these steps (make sure you have a MySQL database installed and configured):

1. Go to the root of the application (where you cloned it into, example: <tt>$ cd/Documents/code/link_bucket</tt>)
2. Run <tt>bundle install</tt> to make sure you have the app dependencies
3. In the terminal type <tt>rails s</tt> or <tt>rails server</tt>
4. Hop into your browser and go to <tt>localhost:3000</tt>

= Why was this made?
I wanted to make this to get a good grasp of rails and web development. Hopefully, later on, more people
will join me in updating and maintaining the site!

Feel free to change what you like -- Have Fun and happy coding!
